buck
do you remember me your mom's name is
sarah
he used to wear newspapers in your shoes
you're a wanted man
i don't do that anymore well the people
who think you did are coming right now
they're not planning on taking you alive
captain while a great many people see
you as a hero
there are some who'd prefer the word
vigilante
you've operated with unlimited power and
no supervision
that's something the world can no longer
tolerate
i know how much bucky means you
stay out of this one please
you only make this worse you saying
you'll arrest me
there will be consequences
captain you seem a little defensive well
it's been a long day
if we can't accept limitations we're no
better than bad guys
that's not the way i see it sometimes i
want to punch you in your perfect
teeth
i just want to make sure we consider all
our options
because people that shoot at you usually
wind up shooting at me too
you know what's about to happen
do you really want to punch your way out
of this
what do we do we fight
sorry tommy you know i wouldn't do this
if i had any other choice
but he's my friend so was i
you